Release v1.2.8 (#1438)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/configuration/authentication/ldap.md

# Set the DN and password for the Nautobot service account.
AUTH_LDAP_BIND_DN = "CN=NAUTOBOTSA, OU=Service Accounts,DC=example,DC=com"
AUTH_LDAP_BIND_PASSWORD = "demo"
```

### Encryption Options

It is recommended when using LDAP to use STARTTLS, however SSL can also be used.

#### TLS Options

STARTTLS can be configured by setting `AUTH_LDAP_START_TLS = True` and using the `ldap://` URI scheme.

```python
AUTH_LDAP_SERVER_URI = "ldap://ad.example.com"
AUTH_LDAP_START_TLS = True
```

#### SSL Options

SSL can also be used by using the `ldaps://` URI scheme.

```python
AUTH_LDAP_SERVER_URI = "ldaps://ad.example.com"
```

#### Certificate Validation

> When using eithe RLS or SSL it is necessary to validate the certifiacte from your LDAP server.  Copy your CA cert to `/opt/nautobot/ca.pem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using either TLS or SSL it is necessary to validate the certificate from your LDAP server.  Copy your CA cert to `/opt/nautobot/ca.pem`.
```
